Create metric card for Mahalanobis Distance (#4257)
huggingface/datasets: metrics/mahalanobis/README.md

# Metric Card for Mahalanobis Distance

## Metric Description
Mahalonobis distance is the distance between a point and a distribution (as opposed to the distance between two points), making it the multivariate equivalent of the Euclidean distance.

It is often used in multivariate anomaly detection, classification on highly imbalanced datasets and one-class classification. 

## How to Use
At minimum, this metric requires two `list`s of datapoints: 

```python
>>> mahalanobis_metric = datasets.load_metric("mahalanobis")
>>> results = mahalanobis_metric.compute(reference_distribution=[[0, 1], [1, 0]], X=[[0, 1]])
```

### Inputs

> - **`X`** (`list`): datapoints to be compared with the `reference_distribution`.
> - **`reference_distribution`** (`list`): datapoints from the reference distribution that we want to compare to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `X` (`list`): data points to be compared with the `reference_distribution`.
- `reference_distribution` (`list`): data points from the reference distribution that we want to compare to.
```

                    
### Output Values

> **`mahalanobis`** (`array`): the Mahalonobis distance for each datapoint in `X`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mahalanobis` (`array`): the Mahalonobis distance for each data point in `X`.
```

```python
>>> print(results)
{'mahalanobis': array([0.5])}
```

#### Values from Popular Papers
*N/A*

### Example

```python
>>> mahalanobis_metric = datasets.load_metric("mahalanobis")
>>> results = mahalanobis_metric.compute(reference_distribution=[[0, 1], [1, 0]], X=[[0, 1]])
>>> print(results)
{'mahalanobis': array([0.5])}

> """

Reviewer: Wrongly added, i guess...
```suggestion
```
